Hey all the guys and welcome back so now in this video we will be working out what the sidebar right
now so you can see the site where it looks not good.
OK and obviously we have to design this sidebar so that red tape looks good.
I'm just going to get a dashboard right now and I want to go to the appearance and then I'm going to
go to that vigil right now so when you
have everything.
So I'm just gonna remove the search first.
OK.
I want to remove the recent boast the recent Commons
elytra move so much things so I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to remove the categories and the men as well.
So here we need to show something so this will be like you can add the VB press forum search you can
press for him list.
OK you can have the press log in budget.
You going have to rescind replies.
Recent topics topics Krups and log in.
So first I think I should show the log in I'm sure log in farm logged our visitors log out link to those
who are locked in.
So this is like here.
So it will show like if I am logged in.
OK.
And then then it will show a log out.
So if I wanted to log out then I can just log out from here so you can see it is just my profile and
I can just log myself out.
So now here we have this.
Then I want to add the body press Mora's so you can have the body press grub's can anybody press friends
I can add my friends.
OK let's send to friends in a sidebar.
Ted the max fringe to show is going to be too.
So.
OK default friends the show is going to be popular.
Popular means that those friends who I have the most in traction but.
OK.
And then I have the topic views list.
We have the players we have the members and so we have side by side no notices.
So I'm just going to add who is who's online like right here in the ad Majid OK it's going to show the
5 15 15 members to show like here and then we have the topic views list members and everything like
here that you can add.
So I'm also going to add one more and that will be the dead baby press for him less so if anyone wants
to just go ahead into the forums then he should show anything so as to show only cruet in any show.
Also I just want to show the roots so that means that the and Fordham's will be appearing.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I am going to refresh my site and let's have a look.
So I mean you can see we have the forms that we have students and then we have the private like students
of class and B we have the forums we have who's online so only I'm online and I have this my friend
list like new newest active and the Popular Front so it is just showing the tree one right here.
OK congeals friend.
So I am also going to add one more and that will be added edited it in and.
All right.
Let's just change it to be like any.
So on to any You're going to see it all all the all all the forums that we have.
So not only the roots but it's going to show every forum so this is like this.
We can also show that.
So if you want to show the groups we have to go to the press and we have to just select this can see
skin to show marks of the show so the match will be this and the competition will be active.
So I'm just going to click here and you can see it is right here.
So in this if I just come here and I just refresh.
You can see it's going to show that crop's newest active most popular and the alphabetical so it's also
going to show the alphabetical way.
Now here I want to show the Who's online.
So I'm just going to make sure that I am logged in here to that.
In the who's on line tab it should show like Lindsay is also online and who's all linked up so there's
a way to get to work.
OK.
We have to refresh this page.
I want to refresh.
There we go.
I'm just going to go to all forums right now.
You can see in the who's online tab and it's also showing me my name.
OK.
So this is how it is looking.
I can just Also message myself.
I can also just send him a public message like I can post on his wall so posting on the wall is basically
all the public message that will appear on the activity of our Web site so an activity it's just going
to appear here.
So this is how this body press works.
And I just love it guys if you want to just build a social networking site within the word president
and see how a does it.
Look we have activity profile they have no notifications and messages.
OK.
We have friends.
No friending friend of.
And we also have group settings and everything so the person can also just go to settings general delete
account and profile.
And so he's just going to go to general right now.
OK.
And then he can just move around around with his settings email and everything so he can change anything.
And then he can change it like safe change.
So this is how this works and this is pretty valid and see that he has this techie back he is his user
name.
This is coming and he has this e-mail profile visibility.
So in the profile of his ability he can check and in the crops like he can just say like that if a new
member send him a message he should send him an email an e-mail is sent.
Basically guys so and the profile his ability he can select name will be visible to all of the members
and he can even delete his account if you want to.
So who is to select this.
And he has suggested delayed account and deleting her account nosebleed all of that content to have
to deleted his will it will be undiscoverable so you can see how our social networking Web site is looking.
And I know it's pretty great and amazing.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
We're totally done with our social networking Web site.
I hope you enjoyed this plug in and I hope you enjoy just creating this Web site.
Goodbye.